Now we're gonna explode the different types of pivot charts that we can create out of a
pivot table.
So if we click anywhere inside a pivot table and then goto insert tab here and then click
on recommended charge,
you can see here that we're able to see the different types of pivot charts that we can
create out of this pivot table so we can get a column chart as we did before.
We can also create a line chart.
We can create a pie chart.
We can create a bar chart and area chart,
but if we click on X Y scatter,
you can see her that it's telling us that you cannot create this chart type with data
inside a pivot table Police act a different chart type or copy the data outside the pivot
table.
If you click on the map chart,
it's the same thing.
Stock chart.
We cannot create the chart surface.
We can actually create the chart radar.
We can dream up.
We cannot sunburst.
We cannot history,
Graham.
We cannot build box and whisker.
We cannot water ful.
We cannot funnel chart.
We can't as well on this option for combo is for having two different Siris on the same
church,
so I'll actually choose to create a bar chart.
And I'm just going to click OK,
here says you can see here.
I managed to create a bar chart.
I'm just gonna expander a little here in order for it to look better.
So now we've created our bar chart.
We also have the option to hide these buttons so these buttons are used to filter your
pivot chart.
However,
usually I do not filter my pivot chart from these buttons.
I usually do it either through the pivot table or through a slicer.
So in order to hide these buttons,
you can just click on the chart itself and then go to pivot chart,
analyze stab here and then field buttons.
You can just click on high,
told to hide older buttons and then click again and UnTech the height all in order to show
all the buttons.
You could also hide the buttons individually.
If you right click on a particular button here and then hide Legend Field button on the
chart.
This heights the legend field button.
If you need to re enable it,
click on field buttons here and then show legend field buttons again,
and you can do the same for the other two buttons as well.
You can also switch to a different type of chart on the fly so you can just simply click on
the chart Ray.
Click on,
then change chart type.
And then here you can switch to another chart type so you can click on the pie chart here,
for example,
and click OK,
and now you switched your chart to a pie chart size.
It is here you can Onley create certain types of charts out of your pivot table and also
your ableto hide your field buttons,
and you're also able to switch your pivot chart types on the fly.
So thanks guys watching this video and I'll see on the next one.